Hey so today I'm gonna show you a
tutorial
Mahima hair side really I think it's the
most suitable okay looks good with
Gothic let me do it looks good with
classic I Swedish and I just think it's
really pretty
and sorry for the Sun I actually didn't
notice that I don't know it's really
annoying I just watch the video and I
noticed my half of my side is like
glowing yes no because you can't really
see on that side what I'm doing oh it's
done
you always can make this one poof yeah
I'm actually just gonna turn around now
to show you the back because um I don't
know I tried it in the video but you
couldn't really see it so
that's the thing when I hope you see not
I'm really really sorry
so the first thing you want to do is to
make your hair all smooth then let me
just take this and you take your hair
behind where like if you have a fringe
or bang where that starts it should be
run like something like a ninja or
something not too much because you you
gonna section some sex you just not just
one so you take this
I mean you now you just start back home
yeah now I know I look really ridiculous
but you take a second section
start by cross that one as well
this let's see if it's already never if
you like it like this I'm usually like
and take its some intersections that
decides well
now you get them all together in your
hand
to get there yeah I know looks really
crazy you just normally would be here
you put it up that gives you some nice
kind of volume like isn't it like you
back on dirt quite a lot put it and now
it looks even higher but like an Amy
Winehouse here I just secured it with
like one or two bobby pins it really
don't mean much because the you just
have to secure the thing you twisted
and now you just die girl all these
hairs did you take your curling iron or
if you if you're one of these people who
can curl the hair with a straightener
now and you just wait until your thing
is heated up and what I forgot to say is
before like before you do this
just put some put some mousse into your
hair styling mousse because this is
gonna make the curls last really really
really long so now you just take your
and this is what you're gonna do now
just take a section I'm always like I'm
hoping always like this some people who
like this morning just because the
kernels actually unfold this way so it
makes more sense to me
never just clipping it out
Dave and that's what you're gonna do
don't head around now that's your
finished up now you just put on some
hair accessories